Add the instruction on how to run single rekt test (#3407)
knative-extensions/eventing-kafka-broker: DEVELOPMENT.md

```

### Run a single rekt test

You can run a single rekt test instead of the full test suite with:

```shell
SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run <test_name> -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/rekt
```

For example:

```shell
SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run TestEventTransformationForTrigger -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/rekt
```

When you are running kafka broker related test, you may need to specify the broker class

```shell
 SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing BROKER_CLASS=Kafka go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run TestBrokerTLSCARotation  -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/e2e_new
```

Here are below parameters options you can use:

-v prints verbose output from the tests
-tags=e2e runs tests tagged as e2e tests
-count=1 runs each test once rather than potentially multiple times
-run <test_name> specifies the name of the single test to run
-parallel=12 runs tests in parallel up to 12 at a time
-timeout=30m sets the timeout for each test to 30 minutes
./test/rekt specifies the directory containing the rekt tests
SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing sets the namespace to use for the tests

> BROKER_CLASS=Kafka specifies to use the Kafka broker implementation for broker related tests

Reviewer: Put them to a code block might make it look nicer.

Author: @Leo6Leo thanks for the review comment, I have added them inside code block, please take a look.

LOCAL_DEVELOPMENT=true SKIP_INITIALIZE=true ./test/e2e-tests.sh
```

### Run a single rekt test

You can run a single rekt test instead of the full test suite with:

```shell
SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run <test_name> -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/rekt

> ```

Reviewer 2: Can you add a note here indicating that they have to replace `<test_name>` with the name of the test?

Author: done @Cali0707

For example:

```shell
SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run TestEventTransformationForTrigger -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/rekt
```

> When you are running kafka broker related test, you may need to specify the broker class

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you are running kafka broker related tests, you may need to specify the broker class
```

```shell
 SYSTEM_NAMESPACE=knative-eventing BROKER_CLASS=Kafka go test -v -tags=e2e -count=1 -run TestBrokerTLSCARotation  -parallel=12 -timeout=30m ./test/e2e_new
```

> Here are below parameters options you can use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are descriptions of the parameters you will normally use, as well as some other things you will often need to set while running the tests:
```

```shell
-v prints verbose output from the tests

> -tags=e2e runs tests tagged as e2e tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-tags=e2e uses files tagged as e2e when building the tests
```
